upstream: Introducing close_connections_on_host_set_change property (#7675)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/intro/version_history.rst

  certificate validation context.
* upstream: added network filter chains to upstream connections, see :ref:`filters<envoy_api_field_Cluster.filters>`.
* upstream: use p2c to select hosts for least-requests load balancers if all host weights are the same, even in cases where weights are not equal to 1.

> * upstream: added :ref:`an option <envoy_api_field_Cluster.CommonLbConfig.close_connections_on_host_set_change>` that allows to drain http, tcp connection pools on cluster membership change.

Reviewer: Very tiny nit:: can you use capital letters for acronyms here, e.g. HTTP, TCP?

> * upstream: added :ref:`an option <envoy_api_field_Cluster.CommonLbConfig.close_connections_on_host_set_change>` that allows to drain HTTP, TCP connection pools on cluster membership change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* upstream: added :ref:`an option <envoy_api_field_Cluster.CommonLbConfig.close_connections_on_host_set_change>` that allows draining HTTP, TCP connection pools on cluster membership change.
```
